README.md, before:

# Amplyfi

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Add working frontend, refactor backend to seperate out routes from server initialization

README.md, after:

# Amplyfi Tech Test

### Installation
Once you've cloned the repo, install dependencies with `npm install` or `yarn`, depending on your installed package manager.

You will also require a version of MongoDB installed, and running.

### Running locally
The backend expressjs server expects data in a MongoDB database with a collection named `carData`. You can define the MongoDB connection URL with the environment variable `MONGODB_URI`. Otherwise, it will default to `mongodb://localhost:27017/amplyfi-test`.

To start the app, run the `start` command (`npm start` | `yarn start`). The frontend Angular application will be built, then the server will start on port 9090.

### The application
I have chosen to present some insights into the provided data by grouping datasets by location. The app presents a list of (max) 20 locations to choose from. These are the most-mentioned locations in the data sets.

Selecting a location will show 3 graphs. The data for this is obtained through MongoDB aggregations on the data, grouping matching keywords/sources/people based on the location provided.

The gender graph uses a library to determine whether a person is male or female based on their name. This is, of course, not a foolproof method, and so the data here should be treated accordingly.

### Testing
The Angular application comes with a suite of unit tests. These can be run locally with the command `npm test` or `yarn test`

### Hosting
The app is hosted and available on Heroku. It can be found [here](https://afternoon-badlands-19749.herokuapp.com/)
